OSDOCS#8867: Adding failure domains to Nutanix docs (#69618)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/post-installation-adding-nutanix-failure-domains-control-planes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/adding-nutanix-failure-domains.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="post-installation-adding-nutanix-failure-domains-control-planes_{context}"]
= Distributing control planes across failure domains

You distribute control planes across Nutanix failure domains by modifying the control plane machine set custom resource (CR).

.Prerequisites

> * You have added the failure domains to the cluster's Infrastructure custom resource definition (CRD).

Reviewer: Should change to:
* You have added the failure domains configuration to the cluster's Infrastructure custom resource (CR).

Author: Updated.

* The cluster has an activated and functioning Control Plane Machine Set Operator.

> 

Reviewer: Should also add this as a Prerequisite:
* The control plane machine set custom resource (CR) is in active state (the CR's spec.state is "Active").

Author: In speaking with @jeana-redhat what we had was effectively saying the same thing. However, I went with your language. I also added a cross reference to the docs on how to check on the state of the control plane machine set CR.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/adding-nutanix-failure-domains.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="post-installation-adding-nutanix-failure-domains-control-planes_{context}"]
= Distributing control planes across failure domains

> You distribute control planes across Nutanix failure domains by modifying the control plane machine set custom resource (CR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You distribute control planes across Nutanix failure domains by modifying the control plane machine set custom resource definition (CRD).
```

Author: This was raised early as part of an SME review. The decision was to go with CR.

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/69618#discussion_r1457598396

.Prerequisites

> * You have configured the failure domains in the cluster's Infrastructure custom resource (CR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have configured the failure domains in the cluster's Infrastructure custom resource (CRD).
```

Author: This was raised early as part of an SME review. The decision was to go with CR.

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/69618#discussion_r1457598396

> * You have configured the failure domains in the cluster's Infrastructure custom resource definition (CR).

Reviewer: Remove "definition", should be "Infrastructure custom resource (CR)".

Author: Done.

> * The control plane machine set custom resource (CR) is in active state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The control plane machine set custom resource definition (CRD) is in active state.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not familiar with a CR being in _active state_. Would a typical user know how to determine this?

Author: Adding the correct article. Left CR.
